---
  title: Version 1.2 - Concept iteration
  description: An iteration on our initial concepts based on findings from 1 round of testing
  date: 2019-12-29
  screenshots:
    items:
      - text: Start Page
        src: 01-Start-page-example.png
      - text: A levels and other qualifications
        caption: Qualification names are listed alphabetically
        src: 02-represent.png
---

## Version 1.2
[https://acas-alpha.herokuapp.com/](https://acas-alpha.herokuapp.com/)
Username: acas
Password: acas777

Made changes based on [findings](https://acas3-alpha.herokuapp.com/public/images/findings-02.pdf) from user testing sessions with Claimants and Professionals from 9 December 2021 to 23 December 2021.

Based feedback from professional reprentative we added warning "If early conciliation is not successful you can still go to the employment tribunal." to "Why try early conciliation?" under "Would you like to try the free early conciliation service?" question.
Changed hint text for Legal Name to "Enter legal name as it appears on your passport, birth certificate or driving licence" from "Enter legal name as it appears on your passport" as one of the professional rep pointed out that some users may not have a possport.
Removed the word "jeopardising" as users found it stressful and paused with an emotional reaction when they read this word.
Added "recent" before payslip and removed "letter of employment and contract" in the hint text for legal name and address, as professionals said that some times the name of company name may have changed over the years.
Added "P40 and P60" to the hint text as most of the time users can get the legal name and address from their P40 and P60.
Added a link for looking for the name of a school, on Information about schools on GOV.UK, which was a professional users said they use to verify the address is correct.
Added a link on GOV.UK to a tool to calculate holiday entitlement to the help text under question "How much money do you think you are owed?" when selects holiday pay as reason for dispute.
Added a link on GOV.UK to a calculate your statutory redundancy pay to the help text under question "How much money do you think you are owed?" when selects redundancy pay as reason for dispute.
