---
  title: Version 1 - Initial concept prototype TEST!
  description: Initial concept prototype
  date: 2019-12-09
  screenshots:
    items:
      - text: Start Page
        src: 01-Start-page-example.png
      - text: A levels and other qualifications
        caption: Qualification names are listed alphabetically
        src: 02-represent.png
---

## Version 1
[https://acas-alpha.herokuapp.com/](https://acas-alpha.herokuapp.com/)
Username: ***
Password: ***


* Started work on prototype based on user needs from findings in the discovery report and user interview sessions with ECSOs and conciliators from 19 November 2021 to 8 December 2021.

* Started to use one question per page as recommended by the GDS assessment panel, in the last assessment report.
* Started to use progressive disclosure to show relavent content based on users input (branching).
* Started to use the task-list pattern from the GOV.UK design system.
* Started to use date pattern from the GOV.UK design system.
* Started to use email pattern from the GOV.UK design system.
* Made changes based on findings and recommendations from DAC accessibility report.
* Made content changes to questions based on recommendations from ECSOs and conciliators.
* Added a link to Companies House information on GOV.UK, if they have ‘Plc’, ‘ltd’ or ‘Limited’ at the end of their name, to lookup organisation's legal name under hint text.
* Experimented with various design options and tried different approaches to meet users needs. We ran team design workshops to design solutions based on user needs and pain points discovered through user research. * The workshops supported team conversation and increased shared understanding of our users current experience, their frustrations and annoyances.

* Added and removed questions and content based on user reaserch. We did face to face inetrviews and observed users filling the form. We created a miro board with all screens in the current form and cards with all questions in the form, to run workshops, with stakholders and users to find out the pain points, which questions meet user needs, which questions needed changing, which question needed to be removed and if any new ones needed to added.
